
31/01/2025: 
1. We conducted a 30-minutes meeting in between the tut and lab. 
- Aren explained the issues, the branches, the main repository.
- We proposed feautures for the project: 9images/gifs, files, calls) in addition to the 3 core ones (Text channels for group communication, direct messaging between users, role-based user permissions)
- The languages we need to work with (Backend: JS / FrontEnd: JS)
- The technologies: REACT, FIGMA, JS, HTML, CSS, NODE.JS, EXPRESS.JS, MYSQL
2. We conducted a meeting with the TA (Farah Al fahimi): 
- We should add him to our repository. 
- Pull requests: asking requests from reviewers to accept the new changes to the branch. 
- Push: when we make modification to the branch but its not validated yet. 
- Creating files in Git. 
-> 
